one that is between youtube today I'm going to
teach how to print your own letter
of rain beginning with this image that
we just created the previous video
about work to the bar we started
we already open the word
and we drag free
if you have old letters
useless that are repeated either
new a little bit not so old anymore but
that is still resistant and that they are
firm what we are going to do is print
the image and paste it into one that letter and
a repeated any good to know
what is the average of the letter and the
image first we look for a rule
and we measure it
these are the dimensions of the letter
that I have are very small for
deciding these letters are the most
small that I've had since I
They are usually larger one are
medium good first with the rule
we measure from 0 to the tip
and from my foot and the size of my letter
width is from 0 to 5 5 and 4 lines 5.4
6 centimeters wide and high from 0 to
7 7 and 9 dashes 7.9 stripe
then we give you right click and in
size
and we put pancho
5 as against
and here and here it gets simple 7.8
sometimes they will be changed sometimes
approximately 7.83 84 85 and here also
5.43 42 good
we already have the letter done when
go to print will come out a little bit
smaller than normal but only
by x mm
to be able to print more letters in the
same word sheet we're going to
design and images we give you narrow
orientation
let's read horizontal and in letter size
what I do what I do is copy
two spaces three spaces and paste
and the same
and here they fit eight letters
if you want it
how will they see
here they are to print them
and when you have them and print them
they will leave wynn of good quality not
so high if you have laser printer
or digital printing should be much
better already after they print it
trim the edges
said rubber a little bit of rubber if it has
rubber in bar also not so much and what
does is paste the i's to trim the
edges and whether it has exceeded the card
original after you put it there
under a book and crushes it and if
you want you can put on top so that
to get the bubbles out and now
then yes some edges I finish it
cut and ready and have their
own letters
of yoyo
and another thing and how to print mine
to see these molecules here
increased dragon to war is live the
icor equaled and that's all